title: JARVIS-DFT
authors: K. Choudhary, F. Tavazza

description:
We introduce a simple criterion to identify two-dimensional (2D)
materials based on the comparison between experimental lattice
constants and lattice constants mainly obtained from
Materials-Project (MP) density functional theory (DFT)
calculation repository. Specifically, if the relative difference
between the two lattice constants for a specific material is
greater than or equal to 5%, we predict them to be good
candidates for 2D materials. We have predicted at least 1356 such
2D materials. For all the systems satisfying our criterion, we
manually create single layer systems and calculate their
energetics, structural, electronic, and elastic properties for
both the bulk and the single layer cases.  To validate our
criterion, we calculated the exfoliation energy of the suggested
layered materials, and we found that in 88.9% of the cases the
currently accepted criterion for exfoliation was satisfied.
Also, using molybdenum telluride as a test case, we performed
X-ray diffraction and Raman scattering experiments to benchmark
our calculations and understand their applicability and
limitations. The website contains over ~16000 density functional
theory calculation (315634 sub-calculations) data for pure
elements, 2D, solar cell and thermoelectric materials. For 2D
materials, bulk and 1 layer material properties are compared
right now with three different exchange-correlation
functional-LDA, PBE and PBEBO (else only PBEBO is used). The
PBEBO (or optB88vDW) generally works well for 2D materials. If data
shows `na`, it implies the calculation has not completed yet.
Please learn about the assumptions used during calculations and
use the data at your own risk!
:end

urls:
http://www.ctcms.nist.gov/~knc6/JVASP.html
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-017-05402-0
10.1038/s41598-017-05402-0
https://github.com/usnistgov/jarvis
:end

journal: Scientific Reports 7, 5179 (2017)
input_url: https://www.ctcms.nist.gov/~knc6/jdft_{}.json.tgz
details_url: https://www.ctcms.nist.gov/~knc6/jsmol/{}.html
